Changes for rsc app installation support in v1.0 (#21605)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/chat-teamsappinstallation-upgrade.md

---
title: "teamsAppInstallation in chat: upgrade"
description: "Update an app installed in a chat and bring it in sync with the current version available in the tenant app catalog."
author: "subray"
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # teamsAppInstallation in chat: upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# teamsAppInstallation in a chat: upgrade
```

Author: All the other teams related titles have similar structure, where we don't use article. Let's keep this one consistent.

POST /chats/{chat-id}/installedApps/{app-installation-id}/upgrade
```

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the parameters.

The following table lists additional parameters that can be used with the upgrade action.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|consentedPermissionSet|[teamsAppPermissionSet](../resources/teamsapppermissionset.md)|The set of resource-specific permissions that are being consented to.|

> **Note**:

> > The permissions consented to during the upgrade must be the same as the resource-specific permissions present in the [teamsAppDefinition](../resources/teamsAppDefinition.md) of the app. To get the application and delegated resource-specific permissions, see [Example 7](../api/appcatalogs-list-teamsapps.md#example-7-list-applications-with-a-given-id-and-return-only-the-resource-specific-permissions-required-by-the-app). If only delegated resource-specific permissions are present in **teamsAppDefinition**, permissions can be omitted in the body of this request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> he permissions consented to during the installation must match the resource-specific permissions defined in the [teamsAppDefinition](../resources/teamsAppDefinition.md) of the app. To get the application and delegated resource-specific permissions, see [Example 7](../api/appcatalogs-list-teamsapps.md#example-7-list-applications-with-a-given-id-and-return-only-the-resource-specific-permissions-required-by-the-app). IIf only delegated resource-specific permissions are specified in the **teamsAppDefinition**, permissions can be omitted in the body of this request.
```
